***************
Release  0.17.6
***************

* Add updates to support native arm64 as a platform on the Mac M1/M2 and POSIX/linux platforms.
* Add fix to correct reporting the PartName() being overridden in certain cases with a autogenerated alias value is defined.
* Update PartVersion logic to support setting of version, version_logic and version_policy in a Part() call to control the versioning of the component (See notes below)
* Add various tests.
* Spelling fixes.
* Add type annotation to various functions in the code.
* Added `AUTO_MAKE_BUILDDIR` to better control the creation and referencing of the build directory and files within it.
* Add fix for how the python process to be seen as a symlink correctly in cases when it is a symlink.
* Changed the default value of verbose value passed to CCopy() logic to be False.

**Note:** The versioning logic has been updated to support the following:

The user can now pass the arguments of:

* version - The version number to use for the component. It will be applied according to the version_logic value.
* version_logic - Is an enum value defined in the global `VersionLogic`. This defines how the version will be applied. The values are:
 
  * version_logic.Default - This is the default value. It will be applied if no version if applied to the component or by various functions that might be used to provide a version value for another source.
  * version_logic.Verify - This will cause the version to be verified against the version set in the PartVersion() call. If no `version` argument is defined, it will act like a default value instead. If the version does not match the version_policy will be applied to report how it will be reported.
  * version_logic.Verify - The same as Verify, but with StrictVerify if a value for `version` is not passed in, it will report an error.
  * version_logic.Force - This will cause the version to be set to the value passed in the version argument. This will replace the version set in the PartVersion() call.
* version_policy - this is of type `ReportingPolicy` and will control how the logic should report a failure.

Likewise these values for the version_logic and version_policy can be set in the Environment() value use of the `VERSION_LOGIC` and `VERSION_POLICY` values

Example 1
---------

SConstruct setting default value to version 2.0.0

.. code-block:: python

   # SConstruct
   Part("My.part", version="2.0.0")

In the Part file My.part

.. code-block:: python

    Import('*')
    PartName("MyPart")
    # does not call PartVersion(<value>)
    print(PartVersion()) # Will print the value of 2.0.0
    ...

Example 2
---------

SConstruct setting force setting value to version 2.0.0

.. code-block:: python

   # SConstruct
   Part("My.part", version="2.0.0", version_logic=VersionLogic.Force)

In the Part file My.part

.. code-block:: python

    Import('*')
    PartName("MyPart")
    PartVersion("1.4.5") # a message reporting the version is being overridden will be reported
    print(PartVersion()) # Will print the value of 2.0.0
    ...